VAULT-21944: add documentation for thousands of namespaces (#24235)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/namespace-limits.mdx

The entire list of namespaces must fit in a single storage
entry. However, the effective limit is generally much smaller because each
namespace must have at least two secret engine mounts (for `sys` and `identity`),
one local secret engine (`cubbyhole`) and one auth engine mount (`token`).

|                                                                              | Consul default (512 KiB) | Integrated storage default (1 MiB) |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ | ---------------------------------- |
| Maximum number of namespaces                                                 | ~3500                    | ~7000                              |
| Maximum number of namespaces with one additional secret engine per namespace | ~2300                    | ~4600                              |
| Maximum nesting depth for namespaces                                         | ~160                     | ~220                               |

The maximum nesting depth calculation assumes a cost of 40 bytes per namespace
path element. 160 nested paths = 160 namespaces ranging from 40 bytes to
6400 bytes.

> The number of namespaces can be monitored by querying

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can monitor the number of namespaces by querying
```
Style correction: write in active voice
